.TH LAYOUT 1V LOCAL
.SH NAME
layout \- make a VALID graphics (ged) input file from a VALID parts list
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B layout
[
.B \-p
part_list
]
board_name board_geom
.PP
.B layout
[
.B \-p
part_list
]
.B \-g 
ged_file
.B \-r
ref_file
[
board_name
]
board_geom
.SH DESCRIPTION
Makes a VALID graphics editor input file
.I board_name/logic.1.1
which will (when ged is invoked) fill the screen with
the given board drawing
.I board_geom
along with all of the packages
(i.e. DIPs, SIPs, baby boards etc.)
which appear in the VALID parts list
(\fIpstxprt.dat\fP by default),
neatly placed around the perimeter of the board.
Larger packages which will not fit around board comfortably
will be placed (perhaps slovenly) on the board.
.SH FEATURES
A reference file 
.I board_name.lay
(or 
.I ref_file
if specified) will
be produced containing a listing of each reference designator
appearing in the parts list,
its part name (e.g. LS04), and its package name (e.g. DIP14).
.PP
The user will be prompted for the name of his Scald directory
(usaually \fIusername\fP.wrk) in which a \fIboard_name\fP entry will be made.
If the graphics file to be made already exists,
then the user will be prompted
as to whether he/she wishes to overwrite it (answer \fIy\fP or \fIn\fP).
.PP
The drawing (directory) \fIboard_name\fP must exist.
.PP
If the board_name is left out,
then both the \fB-g\fP and \fB-r\fP options must be given
since the \fIboard_name\fP is used to create the names of
the graphics file and the reference file.
It is legal to give just one of these options if the board_name is given.
If the \fB-g\fP and \fB-r\fP are given along with the \fIboard_name\fP,
then the board_name will be ignored.
The current board geometries recognized by \fIlayout\fP are:
.in +10
.TS
l l .
\fIuwg12a\fP	- AUGAT 8136-UWG12
\fIhpwg1a\fP	- AUGAT 8136-HPWG1 (dense pack)
.TE
.in -10
.SH EXAMPLE
For example, to make a VALID ged file for a drawing
named \fIdcibugmap\fP
which will be put on an AUGAT 8136-HPWG1 board,
you must be in a directory which
contains a drawing (sub-directory) named \fIdcibugmap\fP,
and the file \fIpstxnet.dat\fP must reside in the current directory.
Then the below command will produce the VALID ged file
\fIdcibugmap/logic.1.1\fP, and the reference file \fIdcibugmap.lay\fP.
.PP
.in +10
\fIlayout dcibugmap hpwg1a\fP
.sp 1
.in -10
.PP
If different ged, reference, and parts list files are wanted,
say \fIged_file\fP, \fIref_file\fP, \fIpart_file\fP,
then the the following command will suffice.
.PP
.in +10
\fIlayout -g ged_file -r ref_file -p part_file hpwg1a\fP
.in -10
.PP
.SH WARNINGS
Warnings will be given for devices not found in the \fIpart_map\fP file
(this file maps device names to package names).
It is normal(i.e not an error condition)
for \fIlayout\fP not to find connectors in this file.
.SH FILES
.TS
l l .
pstxprt.dat	- VALID expanded parts list file
.br
\fIboard_name\fP/logic.1.1	- Output graphics file
.br
\fIboard_name\fP.lay	- Reference file
.br
/u0/lincoln/part_map	- Maps part names to package names
.br
.TE
.SH SEE ALSO
wirelist(1V), validlist(1V)
.SH AUTHOR
David Michaels (david@ll-sst)
.br
M.I.T. Lincoln Laboratory (Group 24)
.br
June 1984
