.TH BITMAP 3L LOCAL

.SH NAME
getbit, bit_is_clr, bit_is_set, clrbit, setbit, clrmap, setmap
- bit map functions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.ft B
unsigned int
.br
getbit(bmap,n)

bool
.br
bit_is_clr(bitmap, n)

bool
.br
bit_is_set(bitmap, n)

unsigned int
.br
clrbit(bitmap, n)

unsigned int
.br
setbit(bitmap, n)

void
.br
clrmap(bitmap,n)

void
.br
setmap(bitmap,n)

char *bitmap;
.br
unsigned int n;
.ft P

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fIGetbit\fP
returns the value (0 or 1) of the \fIn\fPth bit of
the given bit map \fIbitmap\fP.

\fIBit_is_clr\fP
returns TRUE if bit \fIn\fP in the bit map \fIbitmap\fP
is clear (0), otherwise returns FALSE.

\fIBit_is_set\fP
returns TRUE if bit \fIn\fP in the bit map \fIbitmap\fP
is set (1), otherwise  returns FALSE.

\fIClrbit\fP
takes a bit map \fIbitmap\fP and a number \fIn\fP corresponding to
the \fIn\fPth bit and clears it to 0.
Returns the value of the bit (0 or 1) before the function call.

\fISetbit\fP
takes a bit map \fIbitmap\fP and a number \fIn\fP corresponding to
the \fIn\fPth bit and sets it to 1.
Returns the value of the bit (0 or 1) before the function call.

\fIClrmap\fP
takes a bit map \fIbitmap\fP and a number \fIn\fP corresponding to
the \fIn\fP the size in bits of the bit map,
and clears all of the bits to 0.  Returns nothing.

\fISetmap\fP
takes a bit map \fIbitmap\fP and a number \fIn\fP corresponding to
the \fIn\fP the size in bits of the bit map,
and sets all of the bits to 1.  Returns nothing.

.SH NOTES
All of these bit map routines operate on a array of bits,
which is declared as an array of characters.
The size (number of bits) in the bit map is
the number of characters in the array
multiplied by 8 (since there are 8 bits per byte (or character)).
The bit map is zero indexed,
and the value of \fIn\fP is not checked (i.e. for negativity).

.SH FILES
bitmap.c
