.TH CINDEX 3L LOCAL

.SH NAME
cindex - index to choice of characters in a string

.SH SYNOPSIS
.ft B
char *
.br
cindex(str, charset, n)
.br
char *str, *charset;
.br
unsigned int n;
.ft P

.SH DESCRIPTION
Returns a pointer to the
\fIn\fPth occurrence of a character in the string \fIstr\fP,
which is also part of the set of characters specified in \fIcharset\fP,
where the \fIcharset\fP string is described as follows.

If the first character in the string \fIcharset\fP is not a caret
(^), then a pointer to the \fIn\fPth occurrence of a character in
the string \fIstr\fP which also appears in the string \fIcharset\fP will
be returned, or NULL if none are found.
That is, the \fIcharset\fP string describes the set of characters to index to.

If the first character in the string \fIcharset\fP is a caret (^),
then a pointer to the \fIn\fPth occurrence of a character in the
string \fIstr\fP which does not appear in string \fIcharset\fP will be
returned, or NULL if none are found.
That is, the \fIcharset\fP string describes the set of characters to index past.

The backslash  character (\\) is used to escape the caret and itself as follows.
If the first \fIcharset\fP character is a backslash, and the second
is a caret, then the caret is to be taken literally, and the
the backslash is ignored.  If the first and second characters
are both backslashes, then they are to be taken as one backslash.

If the the \fIcharset\fP string is NULL or empty,
it is assumed to represent
all white space characters (ala \fIisspace/ctype(3)\fP).

.SH FILES
cindex.c

.SH SEE ALSO
sindex(3L), sdelim(3L), fskip(3L), string(3)
