.TH WIRELIST 1V LOCAL
.SH NAME
wirelist \- make a wirelist from VALID post-processor output.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wirelist
board_name
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Wirelist
produces a formated wirelist
according to the conventions of
the Lincoln Laboratory wirewrap service (Group 72).
The \fIboard_name\fP argument specifies a sub-directory name
which contains the graphics file \fIlogic.1.1\fP
which is the drawing of the physical layout of the board to be wrapped.
The other necessary files (produced by the VALID post-processor),
\fIpstxnet.dat\fP (expanded net list),
and \fIpstpgnd.dat\fP (power and ground list),
must be in the current directory.
.PP
The wirelist will be written into the file \fIboard_name.lst\fP,
and for convenience, other relevant information
will be put in the files \fIboard_name.ref\fP and \fIboard_name.des\fP.
A error log file \fIboard_name.err\fP may also be produced
if any errors are found in the input (the user will be notified).
.PP
NOTE:  Signal names
.B 0
and those prefixed with
.B GND
are treated as
ground signals;  those prefixed with
.B VCC
are treated as voltage signals.
.PP
The board geometries currently recognized be \fIwirelist\fP are:
.PP
.DT
.ti +10
\fIuwg12a\fP	- AUGAT 8136-UWG12
.br
.ti +10
\fIhpwg1a\fP	- AUGAT 8136-HPWG1 (dense pack)
.br
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Any illegal device placements
(i.e. pins in between rows/columns, or
pins out of bounds of the board),
or any pin conflicts
(i.e. more than one pin occupying the same board location)
will be reported, and will result in program termination.
.SH FILES
.TS
l l .
\fIboard_name\fP.lst	- Final wirelist
\fIboard_name\fP.ref	- Reference file
\fIboard_name\fP.des	- Designator file
\fIboard_name\fP.err	- Error log file
\fIboard_name\fP/logic.1.1	- VALID graphics file
pstxnet.dat	- VALID expanded net list file
pstpgnd.dat	- VALID power and ground list file
/u0/lincoln/layout/\fIboard_geom\fP/header	- Standard wirelist header
.TE
.PP
Where \fIboard_name\fP is a board name,
and \fIboard_geom\fP is a board geometry name.
.SH SEE ALSO
layout(1V), validlist(1V)
.SH AUTHOR
David Michaels (david@ll-sst)
.br
M.I.T. Lincoln Laboratory (Group 24)
.br
January 1984
